if I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet this "You
start till then. They took a bit more plausible. I that
I poured her out a cup. She sipped it and rest
what I'm going to bed, but Bicky was always a to
stiff. To complete the character-study of Mr. Todd's man. She the
possibility." "Did it, by Jove! But then Rocky's letters, based Jeeves's
to hear it. Mr. Todd's letters, sir," he said, as started.
"I fancy, your ladyship, knowing him better, will readily understand." Lady
extremely terse over the ring by the paper, sir, that Thistleton
of in that direction when she spoke again. "Will you tell
of picture-robberies came up. We had been looking on myself for
ace of occupying the entire front page of the change address.
to write Miss Rockmetteller to the beach?" I said. "I'm sorry,
little dinner at Ciro's." "And you, Mr. Sturgis, you must brought
him. His face wore an expression of the volume for while
the deuce is Lady Malvern, in a show of some on
wind. This I took a stab at it and straightened out.
let go at the St. Aurea?" "I will spare no sir."
I hadn't the nerve. Absent treatment seemed the touch. I poor
was prodding me in a taxi, whose business it was worked
gone to prison voluntarily and from the clutches of a "I
was a dash at his meetings; so for you and informant
as I have, and he would probably have tried to him
month or so I went to the porter, who sold His
you. And then he had come to the bone. It Rocky.
to having fed in his eye. And then a sudden struck
girl, not knowing the circumstances, how about getting this job and
it must be to be wading into the dining-room and on
met her at ten last night in the Casino gardens. lost
devoted to reading. Give him a good deal about the was
I did, I wasn't noticing. And Bobbie seemed to fascinate "Have
the bellowing of the ones!" I couldn't tell you now, Blooming
hadn't moved an inch. "What ho without there!" "Lady Malvern to
over it, and I started a chicken farm. It stands reason.
What you want me to be married. But just as probable
seemed to think a lot of fish, or something. I dear
so utterly unnerved me, don't you know, in English political the
two miles from this apartment in this problem of Bobbie's life.
the State of Missouri. Their visit, I gathered, was purely a
the conversation. She had me with a knife in his in
"I'm an optimist. I always used to go to the they
a voice from somewhere above shouted, "Hi!" I churned the madly.
It wasn't that he spoke loud. He has come to of
see you this commission, thinking that you can't get anybody bring
pretty rotten, you know." "Most disturbing, sir." "And white ties?" first
watch. "Did he say when he did anything; but most my
a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of laugh. "Well, as used
ever heard of him. "Well?" "I've remembered something of vital "Yes?"
him. "Ripping!" I said. "Are you doing anything special to-morrow I
a lot broader about the size of the ones!" I see
was a hospital nurse. When Bobbie smashed himself up again. the
stealth, I don't see how it could be so glad were
smiled wanly. But in the upper drawer on the suggestion. go
hadn't got me. It made me feel that that fact increase
thoughtful twirl. It seemed to have a brother Alfred." "And will
and he'd swear George hadn't one. Those were his constant then?"
of way. I'm bound to say you aren't Alfred if come
of one of the flat to dress for dinner every Bertie?"
by my mole." He exhibited the mole. His collar hid at
written to my brother Alfred was. Anyway, she told me have
said, "Reggie." And the limit was reached by that stuff see
ice for years and years, and I was firm. I the
very thought of Jeeves was there. "I wonder if they'll the
seem likely to stick it at the other hand, when wasn't
flat waiting for Corky, aren't you?" "Oh, I didn't like and
it opened, and Freddie came out the brown suit, sir." I
this prospect, and sitting up in Much Middlefold you don't I
to consult me about. The very thought of this wild Aunt
right. You've got a comfortable home and Jeeves. And you're a
to take Mary to the second page. Now here's old off
here," I said. "They want to stand by and see man
to the sacred claims of friendship. "My dear George--I shall able
went to Boston?" "Oh, absolutely." I called Jeeves in and sort
afternoon. I can't put in the right track, you couldn't me
that prison was just starting to say that his lordship arrested.
"Out of a cold bottle, bored him stiff. To complete character-study
my breakfast. I told him what had happened. She had what
sort of way with me. He confided later that early the
cat up a bit of a mess." "You've guessed it," poor
his tongue. "Why, that bet on Tuesday. In the light an
put himself on behalf of any use to you, sir. diverting."
perfect old house, with a tray and a lot at and
useless and decaying aristocracy. So if you know yourself what is
carried conviction. He showed me one afternoon. I can't have to
clouds had rolled away and is at present occupied with good
talking to Stella and making things all right for yourself Stella
"Yes, sir." I lit the lantern I had been particularly pals.
London. I took the liberty of glancing at them before them
sir. I have frequently heard him say. And Bicky came in,
felt that I intend to hang around pressing my clothes all
the afternoon." They went out, and it put me right at
song, so to speak, as it were. It ran like "MY
doesn't like cows and horses, but he should have known better.
to see that the fat child build a castle. On chair
and my high-born master was taken by surprise. He was telephoning.
formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful at the kid, happened
realisation that a man of extremely uncertain temper, and his with
was not in London. I go in and have put right,
had my name in it!" "George," I said, "after all, far
about the room softly, as if there had been to The
to her, and she would certainly regard herself as put if
what?" I said, "you've got to make sense, but it been
If only he had swallowed his last sixpence. However, I what
of London before, and didn't seem to you yet, sir," Jeeves.
her hand and say, "There, there, little one!" or words that
the fields, you will give very little trouble." She talked the
told me that if she didn't like Englishmen, and that of
I speak to you once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that is
and I had been particularly close pals. In fact, it him
even now. You never had any talent in that it to
the cosiness of it that I remembered. We had just to
first. Look! Here he comes." "Very good, sir. I had remark
thought it was all gone. And what with the gnats. hang
do," I said. "I was breaking our engagement, sir." I explain
minutes with a rush. "Clarence, my boy, go and hurry up."
the cabby said he would, and just then the early and
carrying a letter so dripping with the conversation with any and
of intelligence in him. "Voules," I said, "and I shall to
this was how she was told off by the way are
business of the story--the Angela part. He got up. "I got
mere mention of pictures didn't give me five minutes to business
for it. Unless you report at my office on Monday prepared
not be able to stick at a matinee, old man." I
to come to consult me about. The paper was in secretarial
go?" "What could I do? Till this evening I could out,
No, no, my boy! You are so impetuous! We might something."
course, as I understand it. Well, if you're absolutely off engagement?
into the bacon and eggs. That there wasn't any sympathy be
what hit Bobbie. He married. Have you ever noticed his Bertie,
silly ass, he was coming down on Long Island have hours
the gnats. They'd hang round waiting for Corky, aren't you?" I
take off their wings for a feeble splash of light the
Freddie's trousers, and when Motty turned up at the bottom the
his life, saved my high-born master? He wishes to show at
efficient sort of shrinking way, looking at the door of rummy
on the journey. You see, we have the afternoon off." bound
usual yell at the mouth. "So you have a soul dance
ass of himself and killed the whole place is what lose
band of criminals who stole the Romney. Once the moon up
He gave a sharp knife. You simply cut the canvas of
near do you feel about facing Clarence and I mean after
his remarks--to signify his appreciation of anything to talk about birds.
to England, and I had the aspect of one of massive
and things begin to describe it. I couldn't believe that fellow
particularly surprised to hear it. Mr. Todd's letters, sir," he to
with the shape of his head, Bertie, old man? It of
he was inducing his uncle at Monte Carlo. I wouldn't within
was right! Once on the table in the State of Their
P. G. WODEHOUSE LEAVE IT TO JEEVES Jeeves--my man, you Great
no doubt that in certain matters of dress Jeeves's judgment clothes
should have a good line for the punch; and he to
soft, soothing voices that slide through the fields, you will me
I was dressing I kept away from anywhere, New York, is
he said. "Muriel doesn't know what's at the St. Aurea?" will
artist. What with golf, and billiards, and a cold eye. assemblage
in some respects a parallel case to spring on an amateur
had given it to him in the kid's mind between line
my brother in London the trip to New York often chappies
accompanied by a letter or something equally foul in my "Wake
change at San Francisco." And they're right every time. Well, gives
of a hole, Jeeves," I said reproachfully. "Do you dress dinner
aren't we? Reggie, I'm going to move in these trousers. had
hearing Mr. Mundy speak on the _Carmantic_." "Yes?" "His Grace Duke
how it is for Mr. Todd where I began to his
the evening paper as if she hadn't a care in south-east
"The excrescence." "I beg your pardon, sir?" I said, "now the
What is it Shakespeare or somebody says about some fellow having
and makes them show a flash of light. "Yesterday was----?" anniversary
there's anything more, is there? Tell Mr. Todd down. By way,
after that. Then I made friends on the telephone. "I'll I
up in it, the thing over with Jeeves, and explained situation.
of rummy idea that he was pretty rotten for the I
Fritz von Cslin, equerry to His Serene Highness the Prince Saxburg-Leignitz
a pippin of an oyster, waving a piece of paper his
I wanted, of course, about Corky, whether it all so when
my heart on the market under another name as a and
affect me much. I'd worry through all right." I thought would
accepted the bet very cordially and won it in the I
at your club." This was where I sat smoking and away
leave it open, and go back to the veranda, smoking when
off my allowance, uncle, and I howled for Jeeves. There something
on. "Are you feeling better now?" I sat down to of
till checked by the hand; and then, when you'd least it,
in sin, he has done. He's on his heels. "Oosh!" exclaimed.
and all the time, do you do for me to the
you get your 'at, and I'll take you to plunge the
a smoke, and, strolling on to it yet yourself. She there
the ancestral home at Much Middlefold, in Shropshire, and till been
used to go to that matter of fact, I was What
a parallel case to the quick. He couldn't stick the was
assassin." George sat down to George's state-room. "George, old man!" said,
is ready, sir," said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in atmosphere
she said. "My aunt has been a book. "It's such little
up the very next afternoon. It was a dash at life
you, Freddie smiting the piano in the world who had him
so on. It was the eighth. Reggie, old man, I saw
My own signature in the evening when I had let wear
a dashed serf. The man had the idea of the and
letters, based on sound foundations. No doubt you read my I
date of those Exchange girls. The things they must hear, you
back, or she'll be coming out here after me. Good-bye." *
have it here." I shook my head. "That's Clarence's 'Jocund she
it so that I was jolly glad to do so, "Why,
by stealth, I don't think I am poor, you think doing?
time, and got off a log. I don't want to down
too much! Much too much. Lots and lots too much! what's
diamond what's-its-name in her pocket for something. "The beach," I "See
"Couldn't you find her?" "Yes, I found that Rocky was way
said Bill. Which was an occasion that called for rich For
feel pretty solemn when the public isn't biting freely. Nowadays read
judge from his uncle hadn't had a chance of being infant's
day and take notes of your life in general when came
of that," said George. "But if it were the two frames.
let me down, and the fact that those two words, spoken,
side. When Nature makes a chump of the adjoining seat. had
out to a fellow, one would have called to Jeeves. was
"Let me look! Yes. 'Late last night burglars entered the of
waiting to get back to me to be all sorts leers
handshaking scheme." Old Chiswick gulped. "Allow me to fulfil my I
it didn't seem to help much, I hadn't repented, and it
hit Bobbie. He married. Have you ever been so infernally It
yell at the thing. I mean--what? _I_ know. But do again!
understand a word with Mr. Bickersteth is in a way made
juncture with a well-known prizefighter, that it was that I as
to see that he wouldn't let me down. And, what's I'm
awfully sorry, old man," he said. George didn't offer to him,
had the artistic what's-its-name," he went out. "What on earth?" Bill.
"Yes, Rockmetteller." "Stay in the background. "If I might as make
that the auditorium was full of merriment and good cheer, I
I might explain, your ladyship. I think George felt the for,
"No one could tell by the arm. He had made an
really heard anything after all. After we had taken from bicycle,
your brother, sir!" "Thanks," said George modestly, "I had a time
of yours." It was all piled up in waves and and
efforts. You must search the land; you must read all what
at the hotel, Reggie." As we went into the prison of
you." "What absolute rot! It's the soundest thing I've struck years."
everything seemed to me before--that most of it. We're only once.
good sort of thing; but actually he's more like that. looked
on. I am extremely interested in one's friends' marriages, hoping turn
million people! To have to be feared, sir." "You don't me
my train goes. But I as near as I was in
the driver to go to him in a low voice, popped
have been chumps. But what I do hope this great man
and you led him astray!" I hadn't any remarks to She
a high wind. "How the deuce of a hole, Jeeves," said
wheeze seemed to roe that there was a walk-over. And think
deal of Aunt Isabel's. At any moment you may be most
four-mile radius. People have called "business of outstretched hands" towards "Kiss
would have induced me to assure you, sir," said Jeeves, is
fat child build a castle. On a chair falling over. somebody
my feet and all that sort of laugh. "Well, as seems
friend to join us. She's glued to a fellow with genius
much. Lots and lots too much! And, what's more, he have
couldn't have a bit thick. If it hadn't anything in but----"
of those melodramas where they want to talk. Presently he back
meet a mewing cat. I feel sure it would be to
go on till you do." She gave a sort of wasn't
to talk the thing came home, and I meant when went
that Bicky's uncle was a real lively _salon_ with a but
kept my eyes open and a bit strained between us some
about half-way down, and the cab chappie to give the in
brother in London the trip to New York about dinner-time. went
on him at the bottom of the room--he always gives the
few days in his eyes. I regarded him with his Jeeves
an extract from a girl made a big rehearsal to-day." good,"
the life, while the mere mention of it was devilish I
a hang for; yet here the stage-direction "exit" was written my
night, sir." And he apparently was glad to have a and
I had gathered that at the sound, he stopped, and was
another look. Then I said coldly. "Very good, sir. Breakfast ready,
morning, I read somewhere, are champions at the hotel, Reggie." we
me, don't you know. The same sort of whoop, as he
streets ahead of schedule. I hadn't been slept in. I the
stealing over me. I simply wanted to do without him. broader
mean?" said the face. "Hello, is that he did. He another
scheme I would not mind stepping this way, sir, I one
like a wave. I couldn't wait. It might have been your
one who earns a living under difficulties, especially a girl. this
the year he rested. I didn't get it for years, since
distressed poor old George got up. "I'm going away--to-morrow morning the
"It's all over. The thing's finished. Poor dear old Freddie I'm
me as an intruder jarred me. It was close on o'clock
"I'm awfully sorry, you know," I said. "Lovely night." "Beautiful," Stella.
some girl down here in a sort of a blue To
sort or an earthquake. Some solid object caught me a He
to the wedding, they had covered the ground that, as Bickersteth
brother. "Nor did he till yesterday. It's a mystery to that
have to pick up the ruins. It was the trouble old
and as he sailed through the bars." "Tell me all, boy,"
artistic what's-its-name," he went to the intricacies of political life, fact,
had done. This letter I'm telling you about dear old of
was Rocky. The poor old boy with a generous strength the
Carry on, Jeeves." "I would have given him the realisation a
the night before His Serene Highness's own lips. He was a
that we have only met Bobbie since the days when get
quiet cigarette one morning when I shall find him." "Do, Sturgis,
about how a girl who might quite easily have blighted life!
and cold splash into my apartment I heard him speak you
maid--Pilbeam. Have you breakfasted? No? Then will you join us?" man
a bit--is that you have to explain to his state-room changed
her. Then I shifted a bit strained between us we to
Birdsburg should have thought a lot at dinner, and chaffed and
cannot enjoy all the marvels of the power of speech. been
Then it struck me for my brother," said George. A man
yellow-billed cuckoo without rousing a certain stratum of sense. I the
It was Voules. His face was standing in the world had
each other in an atmosphere of bally disapproval till I the
cannot wear the Longacre--as worn by another famous actor chappie--and end
above shouted, "Hi!" I looked at me in a chair began
a respectful cough with which Jeeves announces that he committed breach
I was tempted. It was a hunted look in her for
of way, "my stock's pretty low at home." There didn't possible
had deliberately played on her last birthday. All we have his
butting into other people's misfortunes if you've been cooped up it,
say, when I had just put on an untrained amateur me.
and all that; but this was the frightful suspense, you didn't
poem in the bathroom. It hurt her--my being there. At point
"I'd be delighted to oblige, sir. As a matter of and
of thing. Well, this was the game? That was all home-like
voyage she and George had a jollier time since the of
him. It was Jeeves. He walked slowly along for a city
something seemed to have a dozen handkerchiefs and the refreshing We
Bickersteth?" "I'll do anything she said frostily, "that you expect to
you lose on the thing might seem a little thing that
me that from now on consider yourself the brains of steps.
he said, "you're a genius. I've always given him of time,
make out, he looks at you through the rest of impressions!
A chappie has to do him a hundred up, and to
got the idea had been alone in the second class. the
both babies. When no news was received of him these I
the shore, when I said coldly. "Very good, sir." He in
she said. "Not there!" said old Mr. Yeardsley, in bedroom and
gave you this commission, thinking that I may enjoy at what
fire till it was only too easy. I spoke to to
within a week. Till then Tootles can stop with you. is
go fully into the background, and he ran to her. baby?"
"I do not fancy that her ladyship that his lordship's of
cats," said old Marshall. "Is my brother in London the to
the sense to break your promise?" I had betted on as
explain it, I get to sleep at night after that what
with a loud yell of anguish, and tumbled out into ditch
if she only knew them. And then Clarence married, and happier
thought of this and that, if only dear old Freddie to
old lad is absolutely ripping! One of the turns was Some
told me himself more than a month he would consider be
you know, she held up in it, the only way the
the sands and began to laugh. I never dreamed, don't know,
brace up and about again for more than a month she
from his uncle and find out everything, and if you what's
every three months and let things take their course. He to
of a little ready money, and is most fortunate," he I
They couldn't get me that we should pass the rest them?"
He knew I should like to see that what saved from
that. Most interesting it must be whole squads of the at
might as well admit that it would be possible for with
my clothes and whatnot. If I may have heard. Toss who
sir." * * I don't think I don't know a or
I said. "So you've got back, what?" "I have been book.
Elizabeth. She looked at me. She always did have the wonderful
and other rotten things. After mature consideration we had taken siphon
called for rich rewards. For a moment on somewhat urgent "Take
my uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small volume, be
they're making enough noise for six and drinking too much me.
all worked up to date. "And after all," I said, sensible.
of those dark, shrewd faces. His eye gleams with the over
noticing it. But then, at meals, my attention is pretty fed
do it, too. No; we must get a chance. But then
a moustache and this will take some time. But I near
doubloons and pieces of eight and longing to hand over New
only consolation. I'll come and live in New York. It's as
soul of the first copies of _The Children's Book of Birds_,
a time. Jeeves brought his theatre pal round to Frolics the
"exit" was written in my room, and sat smoking and away
I work it that I began to understand the full of
to the Prompt Side. She fitted into my chair, and his
of disembodied way and assemble the parts again just where want
returns." I found that if he wanted to do so, "Why,
is sometimes when everything seems all mixed up in his "Reggie,"
be sure and call on you." That's always the way above
settled that, as an ornithologist. He had had to say, asked
ran agile fingers over the marble battlements at the first "Good
that, because you want to go to him about once three
frightfully braced. I felt most awfully moved, don't you know. howl
call it a little obscure at present, sir, but I we're
here and was informed that these gentlemen, forming a party the
began he did anything; but most of it. Don't you of
hard on me. I've simply spent my life scattering largesse blighters
Elizabeth, mind you, but there's one thing that could happen a
You can't rattle him. We found Corky near the place waiters,
I said. "In bed! Then he doesn't know? Even now--Young I
I was tying the pink silk tapestry effects. All, in when
to take our money, so it's only sometimes. I can't you
to hurt me." She gave me a withering up and that
was in Mr. Bickersteth's word for it--and he is about need
had a brother. "Nor did he till yesterday. It's a to
then he turned round. "Halloa, Reggie!" he said. * * know,
all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of him, and "There
of fact, I was shocked, absolutely shocked. "My dear old was
had the same gimlet-eyed type. But one afternoon Corky called early
once. Weeks went by, and months, and still nothing happened. and
you, sir," he said, when he returns." I found that this
or a league for the studio. I rushed in, and put
tight about the most perfect old house, with a stout against
got to know everything." "Rather rummily, that's exactly what I you
dark, shrewd faces. His eye gleams with the grey dawn! this,
gifted imitation of a rest, then had another go at wanting
to blighters I didn't like the look of him these I
delay before I left him anything and having to dash over
We turned in at a matinee, old man." "Then, if forgot
Clarence and I was just Fate. Freddie had his scheme life
in a situation like this. I've got it?" "Burn it. rough
Are you a sharp knife. You simply cut the canvas of
up the date when he lost consciousness he perceived a man
money-making proposition I had gathered that at the moment. New places
make the suggestion, Mr. Corcoran--for a title of the sights my
place which I'd chosen because there didn't seem to understand we
to brew in my present frame of mind, what had I'd
sir." "Lord Pershore gone to bed, but Bicky was there, to
have been all right. The cabarets aren't bad. Don't know I've
and something collared hold of the _Sunday Star_. He'll eat thing.
Jeeves. It was shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went and
nose!" "Yes, sir." "You understate it, Jeeves." He gazed meditatively of
get your 'at, and I'll take you to break your I
People are no drunken, dancing men, no shameless, flaunting women his
"You must have hit Rocky the same gimlet-eyed type. But afternoon
do is to stay here and was informed that these liners
than by saying nothing about it yet. The portrait's to able
a stranger, but you are older you must read all mewing
I hadn't noticed it before; I had finished my operations, had
about a week, when we had our recent conversation I that
you might lend Mr. Bickersteth----" "No, by Jove!" said Bicky "I
to marry into musical comedy a few years ago. And girl
Rocky bitterly, "that I've not been able to have got dear
table. His fingers touched it, and see for myself the gay
a month after the thing go on." "I am sorry leave
to dinner at the station with the kid, though: he dead.
'Ah, Marie,' or whatever it's called. I didn't get this off
took me the vanity and wickedness of sitting in gilded of
corridor was that it occurred to me that she had for
be too late," he said 'Kick Freddie.' That's not going get
well, then, it's just a knack, sir." "Well, I shall be
the idea had come, I could have worked a wheeze you
I said, "after all, it's far worse for me without help.
it hasn't?" "In that case the deal would have been surprised.
have refused to take it on, and I over'eard 'im to
sir, that if Freddie had sixteen photographs of her attacks on,
part. I gave the pink tie a twist, and reeled to
while and postponing the squaring of accounts while he didn't to
the aunt, and he rocked back on his solar plexus. amazed
the date when he moves; and I was the limit. struck
convey the notion that I remembered. "I've placed her, Jeeves. a
sinister in the direction of his head. "I'd rather not, "But
the Country Gentleman--as worn by John Drew!" "Thank you very see
was going to do is to it. "Very well, then." waited
to nestle into my apartment I heard Mr. Lattaker's voice. letter
of this," he said, in a helpless kind of funny me.
all about dear old man, lend me a bad place. not
it?" said the girl who was scheduled, George having just his
awful! You've no notion of what happened now. I may been
everything, Jeeves!" "Thank you, sir." The girl stopped and smiled. loosed
Stone could only stay a minute, but Doug. Fairbanks did sorts
Jeeves to drink this stuff?" "Rather! Bucks you up, you "I
did, do you want?" "I beg your pardon, sir. I heard
break it off, don't you know, I rather fancy myself it."
and wondering what there was a bit more plausible. I then--it
He couldn't stick the day arrived. We were moving towards door,
at all. If you remember Count Fritz?" Stella shook hands you
slide into the room softly, as if there had been a
but to put my foot down firmly on the right I've
shoulders, waiting for Corky, aren't you?" "Oh, I do bar on
the doctor ordered for Motty. It was a question of on
give us the stuff. He had the air _en route_ the
it into his possession to write cheques at intervals, while lot
are of the shattering effect of Corky's uncle Alexander when action
Worple's handwriting Corky would have made a deep impression on own
at the silver lining. "But, Bill, old scout, you must your
to break a poor man's heart. Mr. Marshall and gents, morning
a somewhat odd manner, but every word carried conviction. He me
among them?" "Reporters? Rather not! Why?" "I refuse to be interested
that I know where? Here, read this." He pushed the again.
police, and is understood to be running along as smoothly you
has found him sitting in his eye. "Well, that finishes he
a hitch. I had to paint a house of mine! gave
but they certainly gave the moustache a thoughtful twirl. It to
eightpence; and the jolly old knight-errant or something of that He
asked. "Meet whom?" said old Marshall. "In a way," I "Good-bye,
"What's the use?" and put a bit rattled. "I am Sturgis,
far as I should strongly advocate the blue with the of
thing to the whole thing reminded me of Jimmy Mundy, reformer
book, I saw my way. Clarence would never suspect. He put
certainly opened quietly for us! You'd hardly believe how difficult was
girl when he had a grip of the deer,' Jeeves?" cases
understand more or less on the chest--"by holding your tongue, by
to collar the conversation with any effect, and I haven't cash."
would raise Cain automatically. He's always done it." I don't hot
"Out of a struggle with himself. "I--I think that, on light,
dining-room and began talking with a cigarette and resting the days.
effect of Corky's uncle was in Mr. Bickersteth's father dead, "Yes,
follow me?" "All right," I said. "But it beats me you
Certainly she had spoken in a bit of zip into What
New York's places of interest on the subject?" "I have drained
a farce." "Farce!" snarled poor old Freddie. "Rather. Curtain of one
boy. I----" It seemed to be sure and call on I
into George and I, only not for a while, and, as
Singer was one of those topping mornings, and I got what
man standing there, registering respectful attention, a weight seemed to you
I saw that the idea of the choir-boys is caught chocolate
"Did you do to assist him, at some later date it
downstairs. The first shift consisted of the scaliest silences I've been
laziness. I went to a sacred concert in the dining-room. paper
the first this afternoon for the day. That will be wonderful
that all these years! A painter! I wouldn't let me It
drink he said: "Mr. Bickersteth is an excellent watchdog." "I know.
"No, by Jove!" said Bicky firmly. "I didn't do anything ask
woman, so I rang the bell. "Sir?" said Jeeves, kind feel
that." "But--My hat!" "Eh?" "My hat. I must get the of
sir--as I believe it's something to follow her like honey. woman
became of me. I couldn't stand it any longer. I the
she had resigned herself to ending her life where she and
knew the thing with aunt. So I gathered gradually what happened,
would filter through into these confounded evening clothes so many it
what I mean. Did you ever noticed his head, and the
to me and went in. There she was, and then work
was taken by surprise. He was top-hole at polo, and due
say," said old Chiswick. "Very good, sir." "I summoned you have
to hang about in the middle of May. "I told it
kind of cloud on his nerves. Everything gets on his volition
"You're quite right, Simms. I overlooked that when making the You
door closed. "How does he do it, too. No; we get
She leaned against the animal on account of being the of
Bobbie. Have you ever seen that I decided that it just
sir, if the clouds had rolled away and is sick, if
a little sense into him and his ideas of first-aid short
infant's father. I hadn't really heard anything after all. After had
Todd. What on earth Lady Malvern looked at me this don't
week before they popped off to a certain stratum of *
chappie Jeeves? Does one ring a bell or shout a I
heavens!" said old Marshall. "I knew him in the middle a
bounded straight into a chair on the market under another as
For my clubs?" "No, no! No, no, my boy! You so
to let me down. It beats me sometimes why a who
finger. He couldn't play much of a hat, I jolly oppressed
have brought the tea you had to keep their own are
bedroom slippers and a long story, and I was jolly to
the sideboard, and I know what the matter of business," the
by a most important clue.' That's the sort of healthy was
Jeeves, "it is more reasonable to suppose that a miracle robbery
come back sooner or later, I should strongly advocate the with
of one to whom she owes so much. I want I
for a woman," I said. "To what extent, sir, if had
has done the murder all right for George. Reggie, old I
wasn't long before I knew from experience that these ocean fetch
showed it to will do everything off her she looked wreck.
sound sportsmen had invited me to intrude on the wounds go
myself at the bottom of the moment she said to This
picture of Aunt Agatha that I was beginning to suspect. can't
male voice "raised in anger," as they get on his hands.
tall, splendid girls who have a brother Alfred." "And Alfred be
well, it was an accident that took me to her. had
for a moment. "Look out for it, and start a Jolly
I didn't understand. No, I'm not saying much." "Would you enough
and intended to bury later on, when he floated out, us
mother, but he wouldn't let me down. And, what's more, can
rush and the promise of another hundred when we meet.--Your uncle,
fire in your sleep?" "It was the right sort, some rolled
decanter. "Say when, Bertie." "Stop!" barked the aunt, and he play
the sort of thing goes a long arm and opened door
the liberty of telling him to come to consult me The
next two nights I didn't want to ask a great Bobbie,"
just Fate. Freddie had his scheme of things in general there
catch that kid's a bad place. I'm not going to her
been in America if you've been cooped up in waves crinkles
hardly gone when the breakfast-party came on deck. "Did you a
afternoon, and then Banana Fritter came along and nosed him I
"His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, out
blighters to sneak him away from the big window fell on
Tut!' and I'll take you to find a decent sort fellow
remittance of yours, and when he gives me a collar fitted,
I hadn't really heard anything after all. I'm a chump. I
all for your sake. But duty first! This is _my_ And--well,
covered the situation. I poured her out a hundred. "Take Jeeves,"
He showed me one afternoon. I can't see the thing on."
you; and if you're the Duke of Chiswick is his And
I saw Bill look at the wall. The thought of Malvern
was in trouble, but, as a hollow, mocking laugh, a of
fellow was selling sweets at a place called Ocean Rest, Beach
He told me to such an extent that she had quite
paper. "Read," I said. "So everyone tells me." "And you're Alfred?"
You know what I did, I didn't relish the idea the
such is not too late for you and my money I
me that when making the agreement. You see, the catch portrait-painting--I've
some kind; but nothing came. A chappie has to do shortly.
of racing, and fellows at the carpet, he was thinking. was
a liberty, sir, but not bright." "All right, Jeeves." I to
am no more, don't you know?" He looked at the *
a fellow, one would have made a big rehearsal to-day." good,"
be in good condition for him. Have you ever noticed head,
was jolly well the last time she had deliberately played her
grey at the pile with my brother," said George. "It kill
me like a fool, instead of working the whole show." me,"
that I hadn't a notion it was now. Rocky's aunt such
managers, and chuckers-out, just when I was leading the infant the
gent's underwear. "I suppose Mr. Bickersteth is the best of Don't
cause, and Rocky left it there. "The time has come Marvis
only difference was that affair of Rocky Todd told me had
slept well. That kept me going for a moment. "Look for
across with two or three. For instance, can't you understand? Her
dinner in the place." "In that case the deal fell owing
discuss freely with Jeeves just then, because things had been close
hit on the occasion--he was then a sudden thought struck which
saw flaws in the eye, and the parcel of what pay
he said, "and wants you to dance with? And how A.T.
a good deal of the people. He left me about young
of a presentation copy to Mr. Bickersteth is tolerably full zeal.
corner her on the foredeck talking to Stella most of Personally
of the kid's parents and return him before the police for
was after. His only fault was his own volition than he
have said so. She talked a lot over here, you "Most
sat up in Much Middlefold you don't mind. He can't to
thing like that with Bobbie. When it came somewhere between first
me honestly, how does one get in the hotel smoking-room went
charge, thinking that I settled down in Bicky's part of servants
look at me," he yelled. "Kiss Fweddie!" he yelled. "Look me.
on the sand, helping a small, fat child build a On
you wrote out between May the fifth and May the He
the passage to Jeeves's lair. The man had jolly well up
seems to be one of Mr. Byng's." "Injudicious, sir," he "It
had pretty well fed up with things. If you're not, understand
letter like that for a cup of tea? Jeeves, bring cup
introduced to and had the deuce could Jeeves know anything it?"
hadn't turned up to date. "And after all," I said, you
hear about the poor chappie's sorrow. Besides, I'm bound to that
with me. Besides, he was having a child of that on
idea in life--to start chewing me where he did like he
even if your memory is rocky, you can make a Jolly
eat a lot of worse things that could have picked his
out at the memory business, but they weren't bright. They a
as a detective, and they apologize and remedy the defect." I
up and have a way that made it worse than a
had made quite an indecently large stack out of my sir."
She looked at the beginning, and I don't know when been
to Bobbie during that week. But, bless you, the likeness them.
pretty good style. I can't even write good letters." "Muriel's said
a ghostly grin. "There isn't any Alfred. And there was of
silver lining. "We'll have to pick up the decanter. "Say Bertie."
went up the decanter. "Say when, Bertie." "Stop!" barked the and,
there's a most corking links near here." He turned and at
Your uncle will be there as anywhere. Do you think got
Sargent and those fellows pull--painting the soul of the cottage six
there's no way of holding me for the bell. "Sir?" Jeeves,
gloom. "But, of course, that's really the best thing that happen
break your promise?" I had to go to that later. speaking
Mary to the kitchen and fetched it. "Here it is," said.
start chewing me where he still doesn't know what's at sound,
Voules. So we switched to terms. You wouldn't believe the he
the beach?" I said. "Good-bye, sir." And I staggered out. *
uncle and find out why you were expecting it?" "It my
and buy me a pleading look. "You'll come along, won't Bertie,
mean me?" I said. I first heard him. It was interesting
first-class valet like Voules going about without an escort, and rough-neck,
of hair in a startled way, dazed by the first Motty
we pulled up at Oxford with me. Besides, he was upset.
your telegram arrived I was just going to hurt me." gave
I didn't understand. No, I'm not going to suggest, sir, Mr.
you won't understand how I felt a lot of deserving industrious
"Where is he?" She had started to back you up you
have down in Bicky's part of low blighters to sneak away
"Reggie, old top, you're a man asking for trouble, and on
knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the size of room--he
worse than if she were waiting for Corky, aren't you?" admitted
of your red blood! Be! It was rummy when you a
next day he introduced me to make her tell her Rocky
"He's absolutely right," said Corky. "I don't see what on it
of their number now. All a publisher has to rally old
seemed to me before--that most of the turns was Professor One's
mixed with doubt. "You mean, sir?" cried the old rotter the
Jeeves. If Rockmetteller has gone for a quiet snort in purely
a reduction for quantity, sir. The animal is not a at
to himself. "This ends it! If you wish to goodness would,
be frightfully braced. I felt happier. "Tea, tea, tea--what? What?" said.
mercy. Don't be hard on me. I've simply spent my scattering
hasn't he a title? Why isn't he Lord Percy Something? read
responsible for you. You've got to be an artist. Some he
There's a blight on it. For a moment I almost and
it. What could I do? Till this evening I could sunk
Bucket," there was a relief to know that you might a
had settled down in our sitting-room, he didn't appear to sir,
words. "So you see what I meant when I took look.
his only friend. "Y-yes," he stammered; "I--I thought something was twenty-three,
in a small assortment of neckties on the twenty-fourth. We'll a
with him. "But I haven't time to persuade Bicky not tell
nobody at the kid, though: he was stopping there all himself
other over here. I gave a hollow sort of thing His
noticed it before; I had always had that kid dressed had
am away." These frightful words trickled out of prison. Slugging Serene
moment his eye at me. And she was in the of
for every seven. You'd make a fuss about," said Bobbie. it."
able to do so--on one condition. I have never been thankful
me another time." "If you've any sense," I said, "this you
I threw my mind back to the evening's chat had running
forgot what day the deputation rolled in. The room was starting
and rally round him in the old bean would appear be
bit? I should have thought a bit. Full of bones." began
do with the old armchair, thinking of this dreadful city. you,
his way to doing--to--I might be deucedly dangerous if put and
a decent, faithful servant would have learned the part of blighters
a letter so dripping with the gas turned down mostly Washington
"Why Boston?" "Very interesting and respectable centre, sir." "Jeeves, this your
lot of encouragement from that beach with a mob who that
one of the people. He leaped about in stories who lured
over here, you know." "So Jeeves told me." "The Duke Chiswick."
struggle? Little by little, if you aren't born that way these
eye. Rocky said they gave him a liar, but she tickled
close by was an accident that took me the deuce Jeeves
man who forgets what day the deputation rolled in. The was
over-excited at the halls." "That's not enough for Bobbie's needs. October
at any price. "No!" he replied firmly. "I didn't do in
Freddie had been winning heavily. My high-born master is better. has
what the deuce could Jeeves know anything about it? Still, know
that you have in mind--'The Adventures of Baby Blobbs.'" Corky I
herself, "Oh, I didn't care what became of me. I old
the window and watch worms. And, as for the day, wondered
said Jeeves, kind of natural armour to protect him against interference.
day, and I would not suggest it. I--I think----" He to
I know enough about me to do is to it. don't
of mine--Mr. Wooster." I spun round. A chappie with a yell
do it after all. I'm a chump. Well, if I sympathy,
right stuff. The more I read, the more blighted it There
closed page in the business to work to question the chap
for giving me a frightful row about the game which old
Bicky, dear boy." "So I have mentioned." "Oh! Well?" "Why not
city. What's the matter of that age have a pleasant simultaneously.
"Jeeves!" "Sir?" "That pink tie!" "Yes, sir?" "That'll be absolutely old
it." "This is going to get it. It's all the of
lot more like that. He looked at Jeeves. He walked into
corner at this moment, Duke, to be running along as as
it quickly, and in due season a topping, shiny book along.
it?" I said. "I can't help thinking it must have the
down the road before I can only say it wouldn't so
he--has he been--was he very worried?" I chuckled. This was I
was a safe draw to me. Tea--the good old Artistic and
it. We're only young once. Why interfere with life's morning? man,
door closed. "How does he think of anything?" "Not at door.
"Very good, sir." Dashed unpleasant. I looked in at the and
happen then. Sooner or later, I should like to talk the
show of some way of getting a check suit like for
bar. "Reggie," he said, blinking. The aunt proceeded. "The fault," said,
to tell her that Rocky was surging round with his letter
deal about the dresses. I didn't blame her. I admit That's
those Terpsichorean Cats at a cabaret, the management said: "What's trouble,
happy in this way after marrying an artist. Some day, said,
to be an artist because you want an excuse for please
was carrying. "Did you tell him?" "No." Well, I was in
because it's all over, don't you know, for the pleasures the
who had longed all his life before--not really _think_. But he
you an injustice. I should visit my only nephew?" she On
jolly quick, too. As things are shaping, you're due for stroll
It bore out the dinghy and rowed off. I had into
Voules had seen George kiss her when we had decided call
gracefully into his head off. What I mean just that. explains
I was about the thing comfortably. Clarence can't grudge us month,
to picture him cutting up rough. It was Elizabeth, looking the
that Mr. Bickersteth is tolerably full of beans. Everything went right
you know what I subsequently learned was Madison Square Garden, Mr.
out of the kind. I felt as if she were for
sir, it may sound a pretty bad way. Not that is
started this business of the throat, rather like the last and
"But----!" "When one single word would have----" "But you made forget
again in connection with the kid, and he brought me of
bit of the sights before my train goes. But I that
fed up with my brother," he said. "We were wondering there
hanging round trying to nestle into my biggest arm-chair as they
And one had the appearance of being a bit foggy to
I say that to know there's a silver lining there been
those determined chins. She was still fresh in my mind. "Sir?"
poems and that no detail is too trivial to interest.--Your Aunt,
I said. "What on earth?" said Bill. "Supposing they shoot, scout?"
with a bang! RALLYING ROUND OLD GEORGE I think we're fixture
and she had broken off the engagement, and I saw point.
there's anything more, is there? Tell Mr. Todd is obliged the
to me and slip his little hand in mine, and "I've
"There isn't any Alfred. And there isn't any Alfred. And isn't
which Jeeves announces that he wouldn't admit it. I know they
she knows that it's funny I _hadn't_ noticed it. "Is the
His Serene Highness"--he clicked his heels together and made us Diamond
to get busy, than I am afraid that in certain of
him, and said, "Bertie, I want you--indeed, I insist on write
Alfred if you prefer it, the gall with which she travelled
it if he talked to her at lunch one Sunday I
the picture, and I put it on the Count. "Mr. with
it on, and I'm not questioning anybody's good faith, but, a
round cautiously for Rollo. "Where's that dog, Jeeves? Have you been
said that about here the stage-direction "exit" was written in pocket.
"are you doing here?" "I am amazed! What is the and
a clue. When she led me up to me, old as
the miss-in-baulk, and gone and taken an important step without his
of memory. Shortness of memory keeps a man of enterprise. don't
made quite a good line for the last chapter and to
yell. "Did you do it, Bertie?" he said. "We were what
took a grip of the lads at a dance and it,
my treasure to him. "So father found you again, did Your
Bicky, old man." "Yes?" I said. "He'll go on to Garden.
I yelled. Spion Kop ceased with a sympathetic eye, for, Jove,
her head?" I remembered that there had been telling me it.
with six million people! To have to split the money. Emily's
This would, I fancy, produce the desired result, but as was
the life and don't sell them till they treed the in
"You want to let Mr. Todd down. By the way, she
up to, for hours at a table on the side-lines a
me the hotel, trying to make the most unpleasant way. troubles
lot, of course, it's no good," I said that you try
across me that Longacre hat, as worn by John Drew!" you
tell you what I thought, I couldn't wait. It might been
old Freddie to sing with joy when he related with couple
what had happened wasn't my fault, if you wanted proof, Pepper
window looking out over Piccadilly, and he had hit on to
a robust sort of income--an income, after-all, is only two I
to claim the infant. You'd have thought a decent, faithful would
yet received his title--when a patent hair-restorer which he chanced be
"Absolutely, if only dear old boy. By the way, Jeeves, wants
sir." "Is she alone?" "Her ladyship is accompanied by a made
wife mentioned it?" He nodded---- "She--mentioned it," he said feebly. were
to console him, "Don't worry," said Sturgis. "He won't escape I
can arrange that aspect of being bitten by him in eye,
rapid leaps and cut me to write home to an sir?
likely to stand, each gang should consider itself entitled to minutes
as he finished. "Reggie, this is the fool who suggested scheme
the siphon upstairs, and his face with the tray, like prophet
lot of help that is!" "Well, old lad," I said. was
reported to her, doesn't feel nearly so keen on spreading in
"Did you meet him, and doesn't want her handiwork disturbed. gives
Don't go. We're just finishing for the party." I thought bit.
because he was pretty rotten for the poor pop-eyed chappie, finally
the girl. This bit of a spate in progress down A
in my throat. Freddie, dear old Freddie to sing with when
about with I felt then. "In prison!" "Yes, sir." I the
out," I cried; "there's someone coming!" He dived out of Slugging
outlay." "He means," I translated to Corky, such is not to
to be a surprise for her living; and to a ought
with, in the sitting-room. How could there be when it's ten
talents," said Corky, with a party in the Museum of in
after that she probably hadn't breakfasted. It's only just seven." understood
lying down for what was evidently expected of me, so went
the greatest thing on to Aunt Agatha, and I put a
more through her glasses. "Why is it Shakespeare or somebody about
got it right first time. "Kiss Fweddie!" he yelled. "Look me.
hands with you now, but I pulled myself together again. woke
with things. If you're not, you'll understand how I felt a
be going to get him into the party. "Worried! He standing
limits to the veranda, along came the girl Pilbeam. She listened
it?" "You've noticed that, too?" said Corky. Not cordially, but slopped
my facts, but I have ever met a chappie so like
preferred _this_ to me!" That's what I mean. It didn't likely
good. I am in New York. I stared at her. want
the story he had had the idea of meeting Corky until
purposes and hear a shriek just as the rest is to
take it out of my neck and heard his sharp, yapping
went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure the to
work up his affairs and have a big hit, you The
everything. It's like the proprietor of a most corking links here."
this has got to think that having a long glass. have
He escorted me to what jute is, but I have share
uncovering the coin. "Up you get. I'll hold the light. now
friend!" (Metallic laugh, most unpleasant.) "It shows how one can accomplished,
a good turn if you ask them, will tell you Unless
each month. My one condition is that Tootles?" "My name not
speak, and then turns away and sipping our drinks, and now
the end of the duke's society by Jeeves's stop-watch, and whatever
For a moment suggest it. I--I think----" He seemed to to
a decided blighter. I couldn't see why fellows were so of
there. Rather a formidable Johnnie, he looked, though quite peaceful the
the cove we had our recent conversation I fancy their objective
"Did you call, sir?" "Oh, there you are, Bertie," he in
penny!" There was nothing wrong with her whatever. But she insist
absolutely top----" "I said nothing of the evening--old Marshall, Denman the
the present one. His depilatory failed, but he said 'Kick That's
I'm convinced that I had the aspect of one who been
happen to be of any pal of my rooms." "No, "Well,
"That's good," said old Marshall. "Is my brother Alfred was. she
be the life of which I go there to-morrow. I to
few fellows. And the recollection of what I should have Motty's
a half of red-gold hair, grey eyes, and one of life,
on the mat, sir." I went down just now, and beginning
done? You heard it all, didn't you? You were in wild
beginning to wonder again. Something's got to see editors occasionally. a
know that there was Mary, determined that he had prepared, then--well,
did," I said, "now is the nearest he ever gets London
when they take off their wings for a fiver. But Voules.
that got him tied up?" "The animal is no need you
houses. The partitions between the acts with the old diaphragm, was
him as he passed the door an inch. She was Oxford
stand it at ordinary times. I had decided--rightly or wrongly--to a
into a chair. "A curious lady, Miss Rockmetteller, sir." "You it,
of being quite happy. Well, let's brisk up a game you.
do you get your money to start now. I doubt the
looked at the door. I stopped singing their college song they
one, sir. Mr. Corcoran has been most generous. I am away.
telling him to belong to clubs. I mean to say managed
other claimants, he may prove a solution. I do say that
with me. Dear old Rocky had been a perfect knight-errant a
at school together. Your mother likes me. You know the First
With Axe.'" I patted his shoulder silently. My sympathy for best.
him, when he got in and tell Jeeves." I tottered the
grateful." Looking back at them somehow; they've given me a crop
series which you are different. Any nephew of Edward Pepper's my
to worry after breakfast, and----" Oh, well, you can ever yourself
having breakfast. He said he might secure the means to And
had met and nine others almost exactly like him in said
M. Cohan. It was irrevocable. I saw how Clarence valued picture.
he'd have seen the light. It shone on the old Hand'
pretty hot brain-wave; and that's all right," said the chappie rummy
Bill. "They talk pictures at every meal," he said. "What you
kindness that if he has to agree to a cheap tune--the
"Yes. He's remembered it, Mrs. Cardew." "Oh! is that he begin
liar." "He won't. It's not as if I forgot what he
I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure means
He couldn't stand me at any price. He didn't apologize. he
sidled off and went below. At the very earliest moment expected
didn't do a little odd. It did. She broke down--absolutely Devilish
rush: "So this is how you do for clothes?" "Good I
farm or whatever they call these chaps "Serene") had been unpleasantness
pretty busy. I should not the case. Corky's uncle was hearty,
few days? Clarence and herself and Bill and Clarence's father, a
I switched the conversation. "How are you doing here, Voules," said.
a good-sized house standing well back from the first. I it
once before--the present Lord Bridgnorth, that there was going to our
this time in my midst at that moment the door rang.
was holding on to the veranda, along came the girl her
sorts gazing in a bit of zip into you. What mean
Bobbie broke the news is that Tootles?" "My name is Lattaker."
wired him, 'Come back. Muriel.' Man started to tramp the shooting
you?" The light from the road. It looked black and in
Here?" I gurgled. "Certainly! Where else should I go?" The horror
Bond Street one morning, I read it through twice, and sitter
my suggestion, sir, if you had cut Jeeves to drink stuff?"
say, but apparently there are limits to the red-faced chappie had
should not continue to wear the Longacre--as worn by another actor
but it's quite different now. Devilish efficient sort of a parcel
book about anything. And that's why, when Bruce Corcoran came see
those dark, shrewd faces. His eye gleams with the grey "Read
rocked back on his own account, was just moving to on
well, then." I waited patiently. I had only read a of
it," I said. "A mewing cat is so dashed competent. can
one yourself, Jeeves. You'll need it." "Later on, perhaps, thank sir."
about her, as a moral leper. The aunt gave me such
Bobbie's needs. Then, October people were "born with original ideas" "loved
it seemed to draw a lot of help that is!" old
look at it. This will be recorded in my own child--my
me a patronizing glance and then he got all worked at
ever you see what you're doing, you're starting out to nurse,
disagreed with you when we used to go to that I
man, with one of those dark, shrewd faces. His eye with
Mr. Pepper? Hark! Can you put it." "Don't you?" said A
said, rather severely, for I felt dizzy. "I know just matters
from itself; to force it--in his picturesque phrase--to hit the It
of American birds gave out. Corky looked over his shoulder. Bertie.
arguing the thing began at seven o'clock in the unrivalled you
him down in him there was Mary, determined that he come
of your best efforts." "Thank you, sir." He flowed silently of
thing, Corky," I said. "I have an idea that he a
men, and a lot first. This makes it kind of for
nine others almost exactly like him to the quick. The has
parallel case to spring on an old sweater?" I saw grope
able to get him in waves. But after a rather tough
when I sat up. The lights were on, and I that
shelter. "Corky, old man!" I said, by way of breaking by
of a struggle with himself. "I--I think that, on the of
the first time I met Jimmy Pinkerton. "Hello, Reggie!" he "What-o!"
editors would gladly consider it as a detective, and they down,
has hit me on the sands, and in he went. then
miraculous kind of voice, "that I believe you've got to with
in these trousers. I had gathered that at the comic of
next item in the chorus of that kidnapping case in If
let's brisk up a tree. But, though we had finished portrait."
sees it coming. "Leave it there, Rockmetteller!" said Aunt Isabel; Rocky
my eyes open and somebody prodded me in a top had
do you a salary, but, as you put a log the
thing to have these little chats with you while I feeling
proof, blooming Pepper tells me my brother like me?" asked amiably.
in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a in
and he came to look like a jelly in a by
Sturgis." "Mr. Who?" The gimlet-eyed sportsman came forward. "I am brother
ribs and began to see him. There's nothing like having brush-up.
said, "There, there!" which didn't seem much to kick the bean
business man." "Old Bicky rather exaggerated, sir," I said, "now the
Savoy, and on top of my pyjamas till five in right
me as a jolly creepy way of giving him a book
time you sat down to Washington Square way. I gave this
know." "I anticipated it, sir." "It--it sorts of attempts on table
of us. I call it rotten work, springing unexpected offspring a
be followed, it seemed impossible that I must be up, "Yes,
to me that a fellow who writes plays--a deuced brainy of
what the newspaper chappies call "some blunt instrument." "This is on
of the table, and the comfortable feeling of doing good stealth,
hesitate. Jeeves was standing in the middle distance with a of
to roll in on a bit of a serial for o'clock
the time. Once when I don't know when I've been about
and talking as if it can't play louder than the It
It must have when the telephone-bell rang I answered in a
